Dear Journal/Diary/Captain's log or whatever,_
Today, something exciting happened._
Well, exciting things tend to happen anyway, and I am already excited that it’s summer vacation._
It was more….unique….. UNIQUE exciting. That’s a good word for it._
As I was helping Mom make our celebratory waffles,  I noticed that there was a boat entering the cove by our house._
Mom was busy so she didn’t see it, and I didn’t want to tell here in case she got nervous or distracted. Plus I really wanted my waffles._
when I went down the boat was washed ashore and it looked a bit beaten up._
Thankfully, it was light enough for me to move around, so I brought it underneath an overhang nearby._
I figures that’s the best place to keep it safe from weather, Moms, and pirates (it’s something to worry about here)._
Inside the boat I saw an envelope, and when I opened it said ‘Congrats on finding the boat!_
Whoever found this now owns the boat, and to avoid all this legal stuff here is my signature. Have fun!’_
which then had some scribbles at the bottom._
I then ran to the park and told Beatrice._
Oh I should probably tell you who that is._
Beatrice is one of my closest friends!_
I’ve known her about as long as I can remember and she’s always been around for me..._
well kind of_
it can be a little hard to tell sometimes but she’s the best._
She’s really smart and has awesome ideas, she can even take some of my ideas and make them waaay cooler._
That’s why I went to her, she would know just what to do with a washed up boat._
She was thrilled when I told her all about it and she thought that if it wasn't too beat up that we could restore it!_
I lead her back to the boat, drew some pictures of it, and decided to speak more tomorrow about it, because she also wanted to play back at the park._
I am excited to see what happens next with the boat.”_
Day 1 (Survival Sandwich)_
Over breakfast, while Mom was talking about how that now I am older I can go out but I need to be clear about what I am doing, not to assume what others think and do, and be responsible and blah blah blah, all I could think about was the boat._And more waffles._
After mom said another comment about making soure I was direct with people and to know what is safe and unsafe, she finished up and said if I wanted to I could walk to join my friends at the park._
I agreed so that I could get a chance to look at the boat and think about plans for beatrice. ‘Have a great day, May!” she said happily._
I went to Beatrice’s house for the day to speak to her about what we need for the boat._
She that she drew up a plan, but she wanted to make some sandwiches first._
I got the ingredients by telling Mom that I Beatrice and Me that we were going on a picnic while I was out._
I guess that is true in a sense. Anyway when I got there Beatrice laid out the ingredients, and we got to work while she explained what she planned so far:_
“Make Sandwiches by dragging and dropping ingredients. Put the bread on top to finish the sandwich”_
Beatrice was telling me ‘We should make some sandwiches for the trip. I think we need to make about 8 or so.’ So I started to put some together”_
She continued saying ‘After we get these done, We should work on getting some other things from around the island for the boat._
“We definitely need a life jacket. I think that Macky guy might have one. He has that weird store on the cliff. He’s kinda nutty, but I heard grown-ups say he is nice. I think he will let you buy a life jacket from him.”_
“I don’t know where we will get paddles, but maybe you can find a place somewhere that sells them. That's the thing too, I'm kinda nervous when it comes to speaking other people. Maybe you can do that and get the other parts for the trip while I put things together.”_
“An engine would be nice so that I don’t tire out my arms. I bet that mechanic at the junkyard has a motor, so maybe you can speak to her…” Then Beatrice yelled “AHHHH IS THAT MUSTARD? I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU I HATED MUSTARD. Oh…. wait…. Sorry I got angry there, but I thought you knew about that already. Here, make some more while I scrape off the mustard”_
“Going back to my plan, we need a way to not get lost in the sea. A compass would be great, but when that big fire happened when we were little that the compass factory burnt down. It might be hard to find one. I think I remember the mayor had one when we went to his office on a field trip. We have a new mayor now, but I think the old one might still have it._
“That should be it for the sandwiches! Other than maybe some type of computer map or radar, I think we should be good on what we need. We should get started soon, so while I am preparing other foods and getting the boat together, you can start talking to people. The life jacket should be the easiest to get, so maybe start there. Anyway, thanks! See you tomorrow!”_
I went home that later that day and got some of my allowance ready for tomorrow’s trip to the store._
